<h1>November 1st 2018 Meeting<h1>
<h2>Location: Robert Bell</h2>
<h3>Time: 10:00 A.M.</h3>
<h4>Discussion:</h4>
<p>Met with group to complete and finish 2nd presentation. This laid out what technologies we were probably going to use for the project itself
everything ranging from using the LAMP stack and what js libraries for the canvas. Also, described what inputs and outputs were needed. Talked about whether there would be a outline of the room that can be imported or have the room be drawn by hand. We also discussed how to work with data the user generates.</p>
